# Forecasting-using-SPSS
From this report an brokerage firm will be able to advise their customers which shares they should go for in oil refining industries there’s always a risk involved investing in stocks but if you invest your money smartly and do your research on it you definitely make some money out of it. A quote from Warren Buf- fett “Stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient.” From this report broker will advices their customer’s to make a decision to buy shares of reliance industries. This report has conduct an analysis on reliance industries see their current position in stock market. Forecast time series analysis on reliance industries will be conducted using spss to see the future share price will also compare it with other companies from the same industries. To do the comparison ANOVA and Regression testing will be used. ANOVA will be done using sas software and regression using Microsoft excel
# INTRODUCTION
Stock market is where investors connect to buy and sell investments most commonly stocks, which are shares of ownership in a public company. The stock market works through a network of exchanges like New York stock exchange, Bombay stock exchange, Nasdaq etc. Companies list shares of their stock on an exchange through a process called an initial public offering (IPO). Investors purchase those shares, which allows the company to raise money to grow its business. Investors can then buy and sell these stocks among themselves, and the exchange tracks the supply and demand of each listed stocks. Talking about the brokerage firms they act as a middle man between the buyer and the seller, they get their cut de- pending on the service. =
# BACKGROUND
Reliance Industries Limited is engaged in refining, including manufacturing of refined petroleum products, and petrochemicals, including manufacturing of basic chemicals, fertilizers and nitrogen compounds, plastic and synthetic rubber in primary forms. The company’s segments include refining, petrochemical, oil and gas, organized retail and others. The refining segment includes production and marketing opera- tions of the petroleum products. The petrochemicals segment includes production and marketing opera- tions of petrochemical products, including polyethylene, polypropylene, polyvinyl chloride, poly butadi- ene rubber, butadiene, acrylonitrile, caustic soda and polyethylene terephthalate. The oil and gas seg- ment includes exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas. The Organized Re- tail segment includes organized retail business in India. The others segment includes textile, special eco- nomic zone development, telecom or broadband business and media.
# METHODS
This report aims to help brokers advice there customers who are investing in refining segment of Bombay stock exchange (BSE) this report will give them a fair idea about the future of this industry. And which shares to look out for in the future. Methods used are forecasting using spss with the help of forecasting we will be able to see the future of reliance industries shares price, ANOVA using sas with ANOVA will be able to see if reliance industries is the best option for investor to invest and regression testing using excel to see which shares is the best in terms of monthly revenue.
# Forecasting 
Trading economics expects says stock markets to fall further and more rapidly than most investors antici- pate on speculation that economic growth will be hurt by an ugly trade war between the United States and China. In addition, geopolitical tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, Pakistan and India, Russia and the European Union are likely to take center stage hurting investor’s appetite for risk assets even fur- ther. That said, there are short-term upside risks for this forecast as the addition of monetary liquidity into the financial system by central banks may make it cheaper for companies to borrow and investors to take loans to leverage their stock portfolios thus boosting stocks.
